# Class 11 | Apr 7

## Justin updates from the field

- Processing prototype
  - Share your progress! 
    - Bite-sized updates are more understandable
    - Let go of your imposter
  - Got lots of positive feedback
  - Why do people like this?
- [THREE.js](threejs.org/) - [r3f](https://codesandbox.io/s/solitary-violet-mvm234?file=/src/App.jsx)
  - Learning new tools!
    - I'm generally conservative with my tool choices
      - You don't want to get stuck with old technology
    - Some people are always looking for the next thing
  - React (FB) 🤮
    - Interesting functional/declarative code patterns
  - r3f: A better abstraction 
    - Higher level code that removes the need to known as much
    - Instead of writing 20 lines of code, you write 1
    - Akin to TouchDesigner vs. Processing
  - WebMIDI

## 👨‍🏫 Presentations

- [Preparing for Crunch Time](../docs/crunch-time.md)

## Home stretch planning

- Documentation plans:
  - Words: 
    - Storytelling
    - Scene-setting/placemaking
    - User-testing plans
    - [General context](../media/product-design-@katarinabatina.jpg)
  - Images/video: 
    - Mockups (3d where possible)
    - Schematics
    - Blueprints
    - Animations
    - Code examples
    - Snippets of the interaction
  - See [Zora](https://www.fidanzeynalova.com/copy-of-documentation-1) for inspiration
  - See [AdaptBB page](https://hovercraftstudio.com/hoi-nyc-adapt-bb) for inspiration
- Expo
   - Is everybody doing Expo? If so, that's final presentation. Get documentation there!
   - Sign up for Expo right now :-D
- Guest speakers 🤞
- Let's plan tasks for the next month
  - Wrap up the project
  - Functional tests, usability tests, and revisions!

## 📝 Homework

- Continue production of your project
