# Class 1 | Jan 12

## Course Introduction

### ATLAS Design Studio

- We'll be building a single, semester-long project in groups
- The class is modeled after a real-world client/agency relationship
- People: 
  - Your lecturer: [Justin Gitlin / Cacheflowe](https://cacheflowe.com)
  - LA: Fiona
  - Code Tutor: Peter

### Work expectations (Group efforts)

- Concept pitches
- Execution / Production
- User testing
- Video [documentation](../docs/documentation-tips.md) & [case study](../docs/case-study-examples.md) website 
  - These determine your final grade

### Class [policies](../docs/inspiring-projects.md)

- Be respectful to each other. Be prompt & professional
- No subcontracting
  - It's not okay to have someone else do your work
  - Borrowing open source code is okay if the license allows. Always credit the original author
  - Make sure your code-borrowing doesn't veer into plaigarism
- Grading will be based on your concept, execution, problem-solving, professionalism, and importantly, your final documentation & case study web site
- Office hours are on Mondays or by appointment. For appointments, the hour before or after class is ideal. I have a (beyond) full-time job, so I'm not as available as some full-time instructors

### Take Roll
  - Introduce yourself, and your interests in our multidisciplinary ATLAS, and a fun fact about yourself

### Syllabus - this GH repo's [README](../README.md)

- Canvas is where we pass in our work

### [Inspiration](../docs/inspiring-projects.md) presentation

- Context: Art vs. Client work spectrum

### Skill surveys

- Warm Up Design Challenge: Creative speed concepting - 5 minutes per match. Make a sketch of your concept
  - While you do this, I will be dividing you into groups based off of your Surveys. Is anyone thinking of dropping?

### Create groups

- Teams of four
- Introduce Groups - meet your teammates
- Start discussing what you might want to do. Also be sure to swap information with your team.
- Create your team name (this can change)
- Help other groups if you have expertise. This is how it works in the real world!

### Pitch process

- There's a problem to solve, and a story to tell
- Iterate on ideas, do some research & rapid prototyping
- Figure out the team's interests, strengths, & areas to learn
- Aim high - people are coming to you for your innovative, mindblowing ideas
- Make an attractive & informative deck (books are judged by their cover)
- Present the deck to your client in-person - you need to breathe life into that PDF and show how excited & qualified you are to build the project. Answer any questions that come up.

## Homework

- Create your group name/identity/branding
- Create meeting times and roles within your group
- Ideate concepts around the following overarching problem:
  - **Use your installation to enable 2+ people to have an IRL or online interaction with each other in a unique way**
    - This can be in the context of an art piece, a brand marketing campaign (real or imagined), a performance, new media art, or other contexts to help frame the purpose of your work
    - Ideally, there will be a physical component, like:
      - Electronics hardware (sensors, robotics)
      - Sculptural elements
      - Projections
      - Bodily interactions (Kinect, LIDAR, Webcam)
      - Spatial audio
      - LED lighting
  - Everybody should bring their skills to the table to create a holistic project that can reasonably be built
- **Build a pitch deck & presentation about your concept**
  - Prepare to present your pitch to the class in two weeks: Jan 28th
    - Check in next week with your progress. Bring multiple ideas if you'd like, and we can narrow them down
  - Do as much upfront work as you can to research & vet the idea. You need to convince me (your client) that this is a great concept, and that you'll be able to execute it (while learning a lot along the way, of course - uncertainties are an exciting part of this business)
  - In your deck:
    - Present the problem you're trying to solve. Set up the story in a compelling way
    - Present your team & respective skills
    - Present your solution to the identified problem
    - Describe the basic design with moodboards, sketches, models, concept art
    - List the hardware/technology/space needed to execute
    - Create a production timeline that explains the phases of the project, relative to the client's own deadlines
    - Create a hardware budget
      - See [example](../docs/example-hardware-budget.md)

## Inspiration

  - Review [Creative Coding Notes](https://github.com/cacheflowe/creative-coding-notes)
  - Review [https://cacheflowe.com/inspiration](https://cacheflowe.com/inspiration)
